the taskbar is very useful for
Quick access to programs that
are anchored and those that currently
we have open at times could
become a problem rather than a help
if we do not have well configured the
options of it this is what you
I will explain below the bar
depending on the resolution of your
screen will have a specific width the
normal position is the bottom of
the screen is where I currently have
the windows taskbar is this
which is down here although we can
move it to any of the other sides
simply by clicking on it without
letting go of the mouse we drag and see how
it starts to be placed in the different
parts the bottom is the most common
and normally we will see it in this
zone if you can not move it click
right and make sure it's not
option that says block the bar
active tasks and what is simply the
you select again and it's going to be removed
the brand also if we wish we can
hide it to take advantage of it
space that occupies in the windows of the
programs for example although it does not occupy
large space could be useful for in the
case of some programs show a
little more from the top of the window I'm going to
again right click on a
blank area of ​​the bar I'm going to
select where it says properties
we are seeing this window that has
several options one of these options
says to automatically hide the bar
chores
I'm going to select it press accept and
we see how it has been hidden
automatically to make it
show simply bring the cursor closer
towards the lower area and we see how
it reappears when it moves away from that
zone is going to hide again and so
we can continue working in a
normal with our program for example
here I have several windows open I'm going
to open this that says library and I'm going to
maximize we see it as this window
take full advantage of my height
screen if I had the taskbar
activate what is going to happen is this
and the space occupied by the bar
of tasks is not going to show and the
window would show from this
zone although it's really not a big
space some programs for example the
that I use like this from photoshop if not
I have the exact height of this resolution
that is 720 pixels is not reached
completely show the bar
tools if I hide the bar
tasks if it shows up if you have the
opportunity to see the courses that I've
done about photoshop I do not show the
taskbar you only see the
window of the program I'm going to make it
show again the bar that is not
is hiding automatically I'm going to
enter the option that marks a
moment and now if the bar is already fixed
of tasks the icons of the programs
anchored and the buttons have a size
specific as you can see these are the
icons and these are the buttons
they are already open programs and I close the
window let's see how the icon looks
of the program but when you open it you create that
button this size is a standard size
that has windows although there is another
size that I'll show you in a
moment if we have many programs or
open windows the bar is going to
saturate these buttons for example if
I start to open more windows I'm going to do
click on this we see how these buttons
they start to get smaller in
these cases we have several options for
efficiently manage windows
open first make the buttons e
icons look smaller so that
occupy less space I will enter
again in the properties of the
taskbar and let's see an option
that says here using bar buttons
small tasks I'm going to select this
option and I'm going to press the button
apply to see the changes and without
we close this window now we see how
the buttons become smaller
including the taskbar has
lower than what I had previously
for people who have a view
not very good maybe this option is not
the best because everything is made smaller
and obviously you have to strain the view
in case you have problems so
I do not recommend doing this another way or
thing we can do to see better
buttons and icons bar
tasks in case we have many
active windows like at this moment I
I have in my bar is to make the
taskbar so that you have more
space for these buttons and icons this
It is recommended only on screens
large since there is plenty of room for
can make the bar a little higher
tasks without getting in our way in this case
the resolution in which I am recording
the course has a high of 720 pixels not
it's very high but I also have a
screen with a high of 1080 in that
screen if it is a good option to do the
bar a little higher tasks like
you can see by doing the highest that is
exactly 2
high I had a moment ago
buttons now do look bigger and
they are also distributed in two lines
now we have more space to be able
enter the various windows that
we have active finally we have the
options to combine these are very
interesting I'm going to go back in
properties and we're going to see an area that
He says buttons on the taskbar
currently they say never to combine and
this option what it does is show the
buttons along with the titles of the
windows but we can select by
example is what it says here combine
always and hide labels I'm going to
press apply to see what is it
what happens what happened is that
windows automatically hides the
labels ie the names of the
windows
I'm going to return it as it was a
moment for you to see the difference in
the case of the window is the browser
of windows the word appears
libraries note that when selecting
combine and hide labels has been
removed that name is only shown
the icon
but not only that , the
windows of the same type how can we
know when they are grouped because
appears as a kind of column
additional to the side of the icon in the case
the Windows Explorer window
we are seeing a column appear
this means that there is another window
besides this that you see here then
all windows that are the same
program are going to be grouped in this case
in chrome I have more than two windows and the
maximum column showing windows
is 2 but as you can see they are 5
windows I have open
we currently have another option that says
combine if the bar is full I will
select it and press apply this
means that when the buttons occupy
the entire width of the bar are going to
start to combine if they do not occupy it
they will show how we are seeing it in
this case they have not occupied it because I have
the bar with a size higher than the
normal but if I return it to its size
normal we see what happens they have grouped
again the windows but also note
that the buttons are a bit size
plus
than what we saw earlier because it
are showing the titles of the
windows with this option that says
hide labels in addition to making them
combine the windows we are also
showing only the icon of the
program that is open these are
all the options we can do with
the taskbar to manage the
space that has the same this is going to
save time by locating a window
specific depending on the way
that we have it organized